Update documentation and allow asoctl to handle deprecated trustedaccessrolebinding (#4403)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/hugo/content/contributing/create-a-new-release.md

1. Ensure that the [controller CVE scan action](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/actions/workflows/scan-controller-image.yaml) is green.
2. Ensure that the [pre-release upgrade tests](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/actions/workflows/pre-release-tests.yaml) are passing.
3. Ensure that [experimental release](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/releases/tag/experimental) passed on the most recent commit.
4. Go to the [releases](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/releases) page and draft a new release.

> 5. In the tag dropdown, type the name of the new tag you'd like to create (it should match the pattern of previous releases tags, for example: `v2.0.0-beta.3`). The release target should be `main` (the default).

Reviewer: Maybe tweak the example version to reflect we're now GA?

```suggestion
5. In the tag dropdown, type the name of the new tag you'd like to create (it should match the pattern of previous releases tags, for example: `v2.10.0`). The release target should be `main` (the default).
```
